Hello,
I'm Mick Richardson , and I'm going to tell you my story.

In the early 2030's , the premise of a world changing events began to appear.
History tends to repeat itself, and like for the first World war, If Kim Jung Un hadn't been murdered by an american, tensions between the US and North Korea wouldn't have increased and if there hadn't been tensions between the two countries, World War 3 wouldn't have started.

Nowadays, We live in a time of peace , but War is often caused by desire of power. Powerful man often do mistakes in this race for power and they might ignore what their own population thinks.

If the US president hadn't pressed the red button, tension wouldn't have escalated so quickly and the nuclear war wouldn't have killed so many people.
Life is a bitch, and the fact that, if I hadn't looked like the murderer, I wouldn't have been caught by the North Korean army, demonstrate this theory.
If I hadn't been caught, I wouldn't have been sent into deserted Australia and the plane wouldn't have crashed and I wouldn't have been alone on this deserted island.

Hopefully, The pilot of the plane was a survivalist. If the pilot haven't had the book "How to survive in deserted Australia during nuclear war for dummies", I wouldn't have found it and I couldn't have survived more than 1 day.
Also If the plane hadn't crashed on an old military bases, I wouldn't have found bunker to establish my camp, I wouldn't have found the food stock inside it and if the food stock hadn't been stayed open, I couldn't have eaten to survive.

A Nuclear war induce a Nuclear Winter and radioactivity tends to cause genetic mutation. If there hadn't been a radioactive cloud after the war, there wouldn't have been mutant animals and If there hadn't been mutants, Australia wouldn't have been deserted. Trust me, before the war, wildlife in Australia wasn't kind, but now Australia is literally Hell on Earth.

However, If I hadn't been bit by a radiocative spider, I wouldn't have become spiderman. If I haven't had superpowers, I wouldn't be there to tell you this story and If none of those events hadn't happened, I wouldn't have been such a cool guy with a great story.

My name is Mick Richardson , and this was my story.
